docs/markdown/uix-host.md, before:

<!-- Do not edit this file. It is automatically generated by API Documenter. -->

[Home](./index.md) &gt; [@adobe/uix-host](./uix-host.md)

## uix-host package

Tools for a web app to become a UI Extensibility Host. Use this library to create a [Host](./uix-host.host.md) object, which is your interface to declare extension points, instantiate [GuestServer](./uix-guest.guestserver.md) objects, connect to them and communicate with them.

## Remarks

A Host is an EventEmitter with a simple query interface. Provide it with a list of extensions from a registry (it will not fetch one itself) and it will load them, receive their registration calls, and make them available for retrieval and use by the extensible app.

The Host objects are low-level objects; they are unopinionated with regards to event and lifecycle handling. For use in structured UI frameworks, it will be best to use binding libraries which use these underlying objects.

## Example 1

Instantiate a Host and feed it some extensions, watching as each loads.

```javascript
import { Host } from `@adobe/uix-host`

const host = new Host({ hostName: 'example' });

const extensions = await fetch(EXTENSION_REGISTRY).then(res => res.json());

host.addEventListener('loadallguests', event => {
  const { failed, loaded } = event.detail;
  failed.forEach(error => console.error('Extension load failed!', error));
  loaded.forEach(extension => {
    await extension.apis.someNamespace.someMethod();
  })
})
```

## Example 2

Load only the guests which have registered the namespace 'appliances' and two specific methods on that namespace.

```javascript
host.addEventListener('loadallguests', () => {
  const applianceGuests = host.getLoadedGuests({
    appliances: ['getRefrigeratorContents', 'getOvenTemp']
  });
  const ingredients = {};
  let allOvensOff = true;
  await Promise.all(applianceGuests.map(async guest => {
    const foods = await guest.apis.appliances.getRefrigeratorContents();
    Object.assign(ingredients, foods);
    if ((await guest.getOvenTemp()) > 27) {
      allOvensOff = alse;
    }
  }));
})
```
A React binding is currently available. See [Extensible()](./uix-host-react.extensible.md)<!-- -->, [useExtensions()](./uix-host-react.useextensions.md)<!-- -->, and [GuestUIFrame()](./uix-host-react.guestuiframe.md)<!-- -->.

## Classes

|  Class | Description |
|  --- | --- |
|  [Host](./uix-host.host.md) | Manager object for connecting to [GuestServers](./uix-guest.guestserver.md) and [GuestUIs](./uix-guest.guestui.md)<!-- -->, providing and receiving their APIs, and providing them to the app for interacting with UI. |
|  [Port](./uix-host.port.md) | A Port is the Host-maintained object representing an extension running as a guest. It exposes methods registered by the Guest, and can provide Host methods back to the guest. |

## Functions

|  Function | Description |
|  --- | --- |
|  [combineExtensionsFromProviders(providers)](./uix-host.combineextensionsfromproviders.md) | Combine multiple [ExtensionsProvider](./uix-host.extensionsprovider.md) callbacks into a single callback, which aggregates and dedupes all extensions from all providers into one namespaced object. |
|  [createExtensionRegistryProvider(config)](./uix-host.createextensionregistryprovider.md) | Create a callback that fetches extensions from the registry. |
|  [mutedProvider(provider)](./uix-host.mutedprovider.md) | Mute any errors produced by provider. This function would execute given provider and return its results as is, if any error occurs this provider will log it any return an empty array of extensions. |

## Interfaces

|  Interface | Description |
|  --- | --- |
|  [ExtensionRegistryConfig](./uix-host.extensionregistryconfig.md) |  |
|  [ExtensionRegistryConnection](./uix-host.extensionregistryconnection.md) |  |
|  [ExtensionRegistryEndpointRegistration](./uix-host.extensionregistryendpointregistration.md) |  |
|  [ExtensionRegistryExtensionRegistration](./uix-host.extensionregistryextensionregistration.md) |  |
|  [HostConfig](./uix-host.hostconfig.md) |  |

## Type Aliases

|  Type Alias | Description |
|  --- | --- |
|  [CapabilitySpec](./uix-host.capabilityspec.md) | A specifier for methods to be expected on a remote interface. |
|  [ExtensionsProvider](./uix-host.extensionsprovider.md) |  |
|  [GuestFilter](./uix-host.guestfilter.md) | Callback to use to filter the list returned from [Host.getLoadedGuests()](./uix-host.host.getloadedguests_1.md) |
|  [HostEvent](./uix-host.hostevent.md) |  |
|  [HostEventContextChange](./uix-host.hosteventcontextchange.md) | Shared context has been set or updated; all guests receive this event too. |
|  [HostEventError](./uix-host.hosteventerror.md) | An error has occurred during loading or unloading of guests. |
|  [HostEventLoadAllGuests](./uix-host.hosteventloadallguests.md) | All guests requested by host have been loaded and connected. |
|  [HostEvents](./uix-host.hostevents.md) |  |
|  [HostGuestEvent](./uix-host.hostguestevent.md) |  |
|  [InstalledExtensions](./uix-host.installedextensions.md) |  |
|  [PortMap](./uix-host.portmap.md) | Dictionary of [Port](./uix-host.port.md) objects by extension ID. |
|  [PortOptions](./uix-host.portoptions.md) |  |
|  [SharedContextValues](./uix-host.sharedcontextvalues.md) | Values for shared context. Must be a plain object, serializable to JSON. |

Commit message:

Sites 17283: handling extension filtering for registry extensions (#54)
* Update useExtensions.test.tsx

* added build phase in workflow

* Update useExtensions.test.tsx with host mock

* v0.8.6

* Reverted repo name to Adobe

* Added handling for extension registry extension filtering

* Added test case

* Added autogenerated docs

* added repo name change to test workflow

* restored repo name change made to test workflow

* removed automock jest config param

---------

Co-authored-by: github-actions[bot] <41898282+github-actions[bot]@users.noreply.github.com>

docs/markdown/uix-host.md, after:

<!-- Do not edit this file. It is automatically generated by API Documenter. -->

[Home](./index.md) &gt; [@adobe/uix-host](./uix-host.md)

## uix-host package

Tools for a web app to become a UI Extensibility Host. Use this library to create a [Host](./uix-host.host.md) object, which is your interface to declare extension points, instantiate [GuestServer](./uix-guest.guestserver.md) objects, connect to them and communicate with them.

## Remarks

A Host is an EventEmitter with a simple query interface. Provide it with a list of extensions from a registry (it will not fetch one itself) and it will load them, receive their registration calls, and make them available for retrieval and use by the extensible app.

The Host objects are low-level objects; they are unopinionated with regards to event and lifecycle handling. For use in structured UI frameworks, it will be best to use binding libraries which use these underlying objects.

## Example 1

Instantiate a Host and feed it some extensions, watching as each loads.

```javascript
import { Host } from `@adobe/uix-host`

const host = new Host({ hostName: 'example' });

const extensions = await fetch(EXTENSION_REGISTRY).then(res => res.json());

host.addEventListener('loadallguests', event => {
  const { failed, loaded } = event.detail;
  failed.forEach(error => console.error('Extension load failed!', error));
  loaded.forEach(extension => {
    await extension.apis.someNamespace.someMethod();
  })
})
```

## Example 2

Load only the guests which have registered the namespace 'appliances' and two specific methods on that namespace.

```javascript
host.addEventListener('loadallguests', () => {
  const applianceGuests = host.getLoadedGuests({
    appliances: ['getRefrigeratorContents', 'getOvenTemp']
  });
  const ingredients = {};
  let allOvensOff = true;
  await Promise.all(applianceGuests.map(async guest => {
    const foods = await guest.apis.appliances.getRefrigeratorContents();
    Object.assign(ingredients, foods);
    if ((await guest.getOvenTemp()) > 27) {
      allOvensOff = alse;
    }
  }));
})
```
A React binding is currently available. See [Extensible()](./uix-host-react.extensible.md)<!-- -->, [useExtensions()](./uix-host-react.useextensions.md)<!-- -->, and [GuestUIFrame()](./uix-host-react.guestuiframe.md)<!-- -->.

## Classes

|  Class | Description |
|  --- | --- |
|  [Host](./uix-host.host.md) | Manager object for connecting to [GuestServers](./uix-guest.guestserver.md) and [GuestUIs](./uix-guest.guestui.md)<!-- -->, providing and receiving their APIs, and providing them to the app for interacting with UI. |
|  [Port](./uix-host.port.md) | A Port is the Host-maintained object representing an extension running as a guest. It exposes methods registered by the Guest, and can provide Host methods back to the guest. |

## Functions

|  Function | Description |
|  --- | --- |
|  [combineExtensionsFromProviders(providers)](./uix-host.combineextensionsfromproviders.md) | Combine multiple [ExtensionsProvider](./uix-host.extensionsprovider.md) callbacks into a single callback, which aggregates and dedupes all extensions from all providers into one namespaced object. |
|  [createExtensionRegistryAsObjectsProvider(config)](./uix-host.createextensionregistryasobjectsprovider.md) | Create a callback that fetches extensions as objects from the registry. |
|  [createExtensionRegistryProvider(config)](./uix-host.createextensionregistryprovider.md) | Create a callback that fetches extensions from the registry. |
|  [mutedProvider(provider)](./uix-host.mutedprovider.md) | Mute any errors produced by provider. This function would execute given provider and return its results as is, if any error occurs this provider will log it any return an empty array of extensions. |

## Interfaces

|  Interface | Description |
|  --- | --- |
|  [ExtensionRegistryConfig](./uix-host.extensionregistryconfig.md) |  |
|  [ExtensionRegistryConnection](./uix-host.extensionregistryconnection.md) |  |
|  [ExtensionRegistryEndpointRegistration](./uix-host.extensionregistryendpointregistration.md) |  |
|  [ExtensionRegistryExtensionRegistration](./uix-host.extensionregistryextensionregistration.md) |  |
|  [HostConfig](./uix-host.hostconfig.md) |  |

## Type Aliases

|  Type Alias | Description |
|  --- | --- |
|  [CapabilitySpec](./uix-host.capabilityspec.md) | A specifier for methods to be expected on a remote interface. |
|  [ExtensionsProvider](./uix-host.extensionsprovider.md) |  |
|  [GuestFilter](./uix-host.guestfilter.md) | Callback to use to filter the list returned from [Host.getLoadedGuests()](./uix-host.host.getloadedguests_1.md) |
|  [HostEvent](./uix-host.hostevent.md) |  |
|  [HostEventContextChange](./uix-host.hosteventcontextchange.md) | Shared context has been set or updated; all guests receive this event too. |
|  [HostEventError](./uix-host.hosteventerror.md) | An error has occurred during loading or unloading of guests. |
|  [HostEventLoadAllGuests](./uix-host.hosteventloadallguests.md) | All guests requested by host have been loaded and connected. |
|  [HostEvents](./uix-host.hostevents.md) |  |
|  [HostGuestEvent](./uix-host.hostguestevent.md) |  |
|  [InstalledExtensions](./uix-host.installedextensions.md) |  |
|  [PortMap](./uix-host.portmap.md) | Dictionary of [Port](./uix-host.port.md) objects by extension ID. |
|  [PortOptions](./uix-host.portoptions.md) |  |
|  [SharedContextValues](./uix-host.sharedcontextvalues.md) | Values for shared context. Must be a plain object, serializable to JSON. |
