docs/markdown/uix-host.hostconfig.md, before:

<!-- Do not edit this file. It is automatically generated by API Documenter. -->

[Home](./index.md) &gt; [@adobe/uix-host](./uix-host.md) &gt; [HostConfig](./uix-host.hostconfig.md)

## HostConfig interface


**Signature:**

```typescript
export interface HostConfig 
```

## Properties

|  Property | Modifiers | Type | Description |
|  --- | --- | --- | --- |
|  [debug?](./uix-host.hostconfig.debug.md) |  | boolean | _(Optional)_ Copiously log lifecycle events. |
|  [guestOptions?](./uix-host.hostconfig.guestoptions.md) |  | [PortOptions](./uix-host.portoptions.md) | <p>_(Optional)_ Default options to use for every guest Port.</p><p>If <code>config.debug</code> is true, then the guest options will have <code>debug: true</code> unless <code>debug: false</code> is explicitly passed in <code>guestOptions</code>.</p> |
|  [hostName](./uix-host.hostconfig.hostname.md) |  | string | Human-readable "slug" name of the extensible area--often an entire app. This string serves as a namespace for extension points within the area. |
|  [runtimeContainer?](./uix-host.hostconfig.runtimecontainer.md) |  | HTMLElement | _(Optional)_ A DOM element \_outside\_ of the React root. This is necessary to preserve the lifetime of the iframes which are running extension objects; if they live inside the React root, then React could unexpectedly re-render the iframe tags themselves at any time, causing a reload of the frame. |
|  [sharedContext?](./uix-host.hostconfig.sharedcontext.md) |  | [SharedContextValues](./uix-host.sharedcontextvalues.md) | _(Optional)_ A read-only dictionary of values that the host will supply to all the guests. |

Commit message:

Support of exc shell metrics

docs/markdown/uix-host.hostconfig.md, after:

<!-- Do not edit this file. It is automatically generated by API Documenter. -->

[Home](./index.md) &gt; [@adobe/uix-host](./uix-host.md) &gt; [HostConfig](./uix-host.hostconfig.md)

## HostConfig interface


**Signature:**

```typescript
export interface HostConfig 
```

## Properties

|  Property | Modifiers | Type | Description |
|  --- | --- | --- | --- |
|  [debug?](./uix-host.hostconfig.debug.md) |  | boolean | _(Optional)_ Copiously log lifecycle events. |
|  [guestOptions?](./uix-host.hostconfig.guestoptions.md) |  | [PortOptions](./uix-host.portoptions.md) | <p>_(Optional)_ Default options to use for every guest Port.</p><p>If <code>config.debug</code> is true, then the guest options will have <code>debug: true</code> unless <code>debug: false</code> is explicitly passed in <code>guestOptions</code>.</p> |
|  [hostName](./uix-host.hostconfig.hostname.md) |  | string | Human-readable "slug" name of the extensible area--often an entire app. This string serves as a namespace for extension points within the area. |
|  [noMetrics?](./uix-host.hostconfig.nometrics.md) |  | boolean | _(Optional)_ Disables built-in metrics of UIX SDK |
|  [runtimeContainer?](./uix-host.hostconfig.runtimecontainer.md) |  | HTMLElement | _(Optional)_ A DOM element \_outside\_ of the React root. This is necessary to preserve the lifetime of the iframes which are running extension objects; if they live inside the React root, then React could unexpectedly re-render the iframe tags themselves at any time, causing a reload of the frame. |
|  [sharedContext?](./uix-host.hostconfig.sharedcontext.md) |  | [SharedContextValues](./uix-host.sharedcontextvalues.md) | _(Optional)_ A read-only dictionary of values that the host will supply to all the guests. |
